# CultOfCthulhu
COMP30880 project

Sprint 1:


We used Spring because creating a UI with HTML is far easier than doing it with something like Swing or AWT.

Staff/Project generation:
The program generates staff members from any sample .csv file. In our test cases we used the sample file provided on Brightspace. Staff projects are generated by randomly choosing a string of words from a static list stored in the program. It generates three projects per staff member, and outputs to a .txt file.

Student generation:
Student generation is done by taking a first name and a last name from two static files, and assigning a student id that starts at 0 and increases by 1 every time a new student is created. Stream is decided by randomly generating an integer between 0 and 10. If the number is less than 6, the student is assigned to CS. If the number is greater than or equal to 6, the student is assigned to DS.

Project preference generation:
Project preferences are generated on a per-student basis. What this means is that each time we create a student, we make a call to the project assignment function. This function uses the nextGaussian method of Random, with the values adjusted to suit our needs.
We found this page explaining how to do this: https://www.javamex.com/tutorials/random_numbers/gaussian_distribution_2.shtml


Sprint 2:

We added new classes for staff members and Projects. This required some significant restructuring of the parsing code to load the information into their relevant classes instead of storing it as lists of strings.

The work was tested using the csv uploaded in Sprint 1. A catch-all error page was added that redirected users to the beginning of the process in case something went wrong.

Sprint 3:

While the function used to generate a solution in our SolutionByLottery class returns a map, that map is only used as a Thymeleaf attribute for the html page. Aside from that, it is discarded right away. The mapping of students to projects is done within each instance of the student and project class. Student has a field contains the ID of the project to which they were assigned. Similarly, Project has a field which contains the ID of the student it was assigned to.

Sprint 4:

We added a new Solution class so that our Simulated Annealing and Genetic Algorithms classes will be able to compare two different solutions.
We also began work on a testing suite, run "ProjectAllocationApplicationTests" to run them all in one go.

We seriously upgraded our UI to make it look a lot more presentable. We also began work on functionality that would allow students to denote their preferences within the app itself. While the frontend for this is mostly done, there is no backend implementation yet.
In the future, we hope to use the UCD login system to allow students to login and denote their preferences, though we are still waiting to hear back from UCD on that one.

The new Simulated Annealing and Genetic Algorithms classes are not fully in use yet. SolutionController does create instances of them, but doesn't actually do anything with them just yet. Next week when we are changing solutions and deciding if we should accept them, this will come more into play.

Our "change" functionality is stored in the new Solution class. It simply swaps the projects of two random students. It does this multiple times depending on an input variable.  
